you should think and be completely honest
with yourselves
where did you show the video of this pancho
let me oliveira what's next stopped in
look he says i'm a clown that i'm not a
lawyer
and that i have selectivity in my analysis
that precisely all of you agree that they
are objective he says how can it be
that something is a crime in a moment and not in
another precisely he doesn't understand the principle
of non-retroactivity of criminal law and that
laws are modified over
time because precisely the
idiosyncrasy or the reality of a
certain society changes it's like that
but well it's very difficult to understand it I already
saw the video I told him in his video I
thanked him for the free advertising and that
precisely he should stop being such an opinionist
because we all ignore something in life
he definitely ignores laws and it's not
bad when you don't know about something you
don't know it's perfect I don't know about for
example medicine but I don't give an opinion on
medicine so both he all the
nations the days he painted to insult me ​​in
private because it suits him it
's quite comical because they give their opinion on
laws and I don't understand a damn thing and they
want to come show you the bag what  you
study for five years of your life
four years of your life that you study to
know obviously because it is the career about to
finish prisoners give their opinion because they
are opinion makers because they are panelists on the
program of these cheap ones precisely I am not
going to make a video because what they
want but as a way of discharging on
instagram I tell you that I already saw the video
that it is [ __ ] it is only a
cheap joke so that I respond
but nothing more capable a little it is
getting it but they settle in and it is
like a relief caused with you so
calm down do not worry
it is what they are looking for precisely let's see I do not know I have been
able to understand very well what
this guy said while I am here I
speak like a Mexican okay already with
the schedule that I have in fact in fact
quite late here in Spanish crying
this video I cannot yell much there
are my dogs and dogs snoring
stop bothering dirty human the dog
in lock paternal I could not much of
this video because it is like 4 to 5 in the
morning I am recording and well I'm leaving I'm
leaving home any day now here I do not know
who it is for  the addiction I don't know if it
occurs at 180 and they always laugh at me and I
threw a little until the eggs it's 700
time laughing at me pronunciations and
my things lean rigió chorizo ​​whoever doesn't
know who has told him that I give it to him
if they have told him they fought boa trout
whoever doesn't know who is loyal can go
to my previous life that I am going to leave the
description and there you can know that I have
talked about that I was saying that if you have been
able to understand what he has told me in
this Instagram story between tears and
tears
then origin already understood what he
said between tears but
basically what he has done has been
distorted everything which is basically what you
always do I threw your cravings
saying that I question his
academic knowledge and that is not like that at
all it is worth nothing further from
reality I would never do it nor should you
do it, you despise a profession
or a university career or
anyone's studies because that is something that
defines the person that is something that
gives them a  value to each person and that has
required a sacrifice in their life and that it has
cost them work to have it, the
rights of you have is that you use a
title that you do not yet have and that you do
in your channel a fallacy of authority
to manipulate the kids and gain
followers saying in your videos the
things that the great U2 fans
have today and many can tell me but
Javier, the lawyer thing to the list in the
same as for example Dallas with I was a
friend of it is a beige clip and nothing to do with
friends saying that you are friends with a
person and it turns out that you are not that it is
a misleading title is not a crime
but at least in this country we do not in
yours making yourself look like a
qualified professional and that you are not is called
intrusion
that you are a lawyer and you are not good in
reality I do not know if something would happen to you not at
least in your opinion video I think
that you are simply giving your
opinion and you are in a court of law or not
hired but you have a section on your channel
where you analyze the crimes of your
followers that well later
we will address that in this video and where you
advise them earning money in exchange for
their channel  youtube so i think that
what he does on his channel is not very legitimate
and above all that his section should be
called law student analyzes
not lawyer analyzes but of course then it would
not have the same credibility and
therefore the same diffusion visits and
consequently money I [ __ ] on
your [ __ ] mother how you have
scanned my [ __ ] videos they have told him
with this subject here him and cabrera
like mame that's it he has given me the [ __ ]
videos of the [ __ ] check brat he is an
[ __ ] this kid is not a lawyer let's
see how to find out to be the same with the
videos that I release when they are a gem
because in this channel is released
true gems what lean rigió does
is take advantage of all the
viral controversies to release his videos where he is
supposed to do a legal analysis he did not
study law left not everything has been
annihilated law
law here you have the channel of
this little baby okay and you see 23,000 visits
15,000 visits 32,000 ok what is
happening what is he doing now or cabrera the controversy
300,000 and how it works for him, well, he makes
a few more videos, it would seem
good to me, okay, this, in the event that it wasn't, they have
told him that
a topic works for you and he exploits it, it seems good to me, it's what we
all have to do on
YouTube, but they have told him you have to
be a slave to your words, they told me
that those attitudes of controversy are more or
less fashionable, perfect, your decision is
explained as people, well, what I
say, saying, you know, with the excuses of a
lawyer, he analyzes, he uploads all the
controversies, you know, it's a kind of
salt channel, I know, or undercover, a lawyer analyzed
here against now, or Cabrera directly, they
said that he would have a lawyer to
analyze a fight between these two combos,
the lawyers, analysts, now, or Cabrera and
Sergio Ramirez, when I did my last
video in which I dedicate a few
minutes to him, they have told him that he has dedicated
a few tantrums to me, each one
of them is taking a step
down, a step down in their
dignity
to portray themselves, first
you left a comment on my video
whining,
the second you uploaded  exactly to twitter
to 28 stories
28 stories in being crying also
that by the way in one of them he throws
in my face the age that I have but for me
review rolled I read encouraging time to
elaborate something worthy it breaks your
balls 35 years I have it less in
integral has it seems pathetic to me they have
judged him but we were very pathetic that he
tries to discredit someone for the
age that they have or rather I surely have
much more experience than you less
studies I am not telling you much less
studies but surely he has
much more cunning than you and much
more you know the life than you that for me is
a brat in fact let me tell you lean that when it comes to
hiring a lawyer
that I have three and I tell you this because
I found out that next month or next year or
soon
your master's degree will finish and I congratulate you for
that but know that when it comes to
hiring my lawyers what I look for is not
that they have finished their studies and
even a professional does it with years
of experience the blows given I want
a person who already has hard calluses
and  that has faced
complicated situations in court
I'm not going to hire a kid who doesn't
have hairs on his balls and who
dedicates himself to using it
to upload videos to YouTube monetizing
the controversy of famous YouTubers
up to here well okay but what
follows the third and the fourth is
totally decadent it describes you as a
person totally and I find it very
sad read the third you saw that two and
I have been these days throwing
the windows I made a video I drugged two
previous videos this one well answered me
with something that I already predicted in the same
video that I made and that is that he tried to
help me with a voltage with a
photoshopped montage from some boxes and
calling me an [ __ ] enjoying my
wife and enjoying a member of my
family from this room that is here
back here back there must be your
wife who is being formed by
YouTube anally and you the diction you went
to the drone video and you left a
comment where you tell him that you
get up and applaud her I mean these
last few days you have been putting a
medal defending Kaelin
defending a woman from abuse and
one thing but then you see a
40 year old man getting into a relative of mine who
is a woman he
insults her because they are insults and
sexist defamations and you warned him
to get up and applaud him because your
ass is burning from the video that her husband made of you
that is your defense of
women well we are going to comment on several of
your defenses women and minors in
this video but it is one more example of the
hypocritical and false and shitty person
that you are I insist I said it at the
beginning of the video I do not discredit your
study of course you will understand
law if you are going to get a master's degree I hope so
of course you will give me a
thousand turns in laws in law and in your
[ __ ] face but as a person you are
absolute garbage lean ruiz as a
person you are absolute rubbish
absolute scum and I told you on
twitter today I will tell you again whenever
you want we will have a live debate
to see who of the two has more
arguments and it does not end there there is
a fourth you came back to my video and
edit the comment adding the
following and as my friend oneto says
with me netos and españa- sada another
fallacy so your argument is worth more
because either neto is your friend or you want him to
be you know what a
pathetic guy pathetic a brat as
my friend oneto says the strength of your
grievance demonstrates the weakness in your
argument cross already told you everything greetings
to your last name to your [ __ ] shitty comment
on my video whining to
add two already told you everything does
the response in pieces seem relevant how
burned you are as I said previously
one of the videos that has been shared the most
these days has been your video
dismantling dismantling in quotes
the video of the cabrera over here the and
well I have seen your video and your video does
not say anything different from what
any of the
polemic and salsa channels could have contributed I do not see what
contribution is anything legal to this issue I have
seen the video and you analyze things like
if the camera if the story of this
great could be fake that if it already contracts
and takes out that if this seems like a lie these are
things that  I could have said them now ter
or in his brother without the need to have
studied law, that is,
basically a video of salt or more is
a video that could be on my channel
perfectly I do not understand how you have the
nerve to take it and say and you do not live off of
controversies
and you provide a legal analysis
you are a clown and be very careful you already know
that I destroy contrary to cabrera and in
this matter I support falling but if
we analyze the video well lean from the
site stopped denouncing him what he does is
clean up his image to do him a favor
you in this video you have not criticized
cabrera and you have tried to make him look bad
because really what the law tells you
is that you have done it because it was what had to be
done and why the
audience right now is what they want you to
do you are not objective they have
told him stop saying that you
are objective you say what people want today yes according to your objectivity you would have had to give the presumption of innocence there or cabrera and you would have had to say that there is nothing illegal against him
you would have had it I can say it because you
always say it  that people want today
to gain followers and views in the
first video that exists on the subject he
claims that the drug caeli is
talking about is likely the
commonly called
burundanga with technical words whose
scientific name would be scopolamine
which you of course instead of saying burundanga you
can scopolamine to give yourself the
most intellectual not only does he claim
that it is that drug which I do not believe it was
that drug
I believe that the drug that would be
involved would rather be some type of
crushed pill lm
and you start signing scientific things
about drugs that are not true now I
ask myself if I am a person who
wants to drug someone and then
rape them I am going to put drugs around
the spout of the bottle and not
inside or in the cap all drugs here
so that he realizes that justice
had completely discuss what you
are saying can happen as it is not
like saying they really believe that I am
capable of doing that that I am a good guy, I mean it
is unprovable what he is
saying because precisely what
scopolamine has for example is that we are going
to put it in a liquid  even if you put it
in a liquid there are always remains at
the top because that is precisely what is
not going to dissolve according to what you
just stated in this clip
scopolamine never dissolves
completely in a drink there are always
remains no matter how much you want at the bottom
of the glass or so where the hell did they get
that from god forbid in this case I am not
going to answer you today
a doctor specialized in
biochemistry is going to answer you in a glass in a cup
like this one where it is almost full of
liquid - yes
totally imperceptible so
20 drops and that in two or three minutes
produces this almost immobilization in
the day and lambert wait friends what are you
going to give yourself the little mouth he
definitely of laws and ignores and it
is not bad when someone does not know about something he does not
know it is perfect it is you for
example medicine but I do not give my opinion on
medicine as always for giving you the
crime he has spoken about something that he did not have to
talk about regarding the subject of
denying if the policeman that appears in
the video of Yao Cabrera is a policeman or I do not
want you to get into a territory that  it's not
up to you, for example, what I
can affirm is that the same police
officer appears in other videos and we
can deduce that it's an act or not,
we can also deduce that he is a
real police officer, simply that he is
friends with La Cabrera and agrees to appear
in her videos for this nonsense, but
well, he is here and they have told him to
give us some irrefutable arguments as to
why he believes that this man is not a
police officer and what he believes it is based on his
knowledge of the laws, not Google,
search Google images for the
Buenos Aires police uniform and well,
several uniforms appear because well,
police uniforms change, the
police uniform sometimes
changes depending on the years
in the summer of 2016 and 2019, some
special official position that each one has, anyway, I'm
not going to refute this,
neither is anyone going to refute it, extraco 0 that he
is a police officer, 11 years of service, of
which 5 have been judicial police, and he
prepares the muzzle,
that is, it is false, he has behaved well, I am going to
clarify that those strings on the side, that
ignorance, that have  treated and it is
explained what it is for so that the person
who puts on the vest
if in so that it does not fit too
tight because it does not cut off the air it is
molded with those strings as he says
so that it takes better the body of the
person so that it expands
forward and backward mainly
for the chubby ones but this special one and
with it there are more I had a boss I am not going to
name it we hope so only the
last name Medina who is a deputy commissioner
in which he had that vest and he had it
and I do not know that he was not a police officer the lie the
second chief a police station to tell
him but well the letter police
is always filled in blank no no no it is not and he
takes it for his knowledge in police what
is
first and foremost what it says police
on the back does not have a
regulation of how it has to be
mind police and it was clarified it is already it can
be filled you can vacuum you have the
group the vests of the Halcón group
vests of the GAD group or have vests
of the motorized police of the Buenos
Aires police that do not have recently some
cost to quietly police of the
province of Buenos Aires that the
understanding is just here to each  I
love it because it justifies that it is false
because one is white and the other is yellow
when what is being seen is an
image with the Minister of Security
Ritondo so this has to be from the
year 2015 onwards and by the type of
vest exactly that they have
I would say that these photos are from the year 2017
as very old and I'm going to clarify one
issue, nor the shield of the
Buenos Aires provincial police that I have, they
have a different type of color because it is
more yellow and the same type of gold. I
literally have the shield, the
basic premise is the same color, it shares the
same shape as everything that is without, that is not there,
then the rest is nothing
more, you can see what the
white shield of the province of Buenos Aires is made of -
well, mine is neither shield, the province
grants the
Buenos Aires provincial police in the white shield all
around has a gold bite
none of those bitten so like
mine it
is not the same as that one, I am not a
great policeman, the kiwi has the eye on board
for six years I am working, I am going to
do my first hierarchy, I am going to be an
assistant officer but I am not a policeman
because because he says so Enrique, great
once again read  he ruled speaking from
ignorance totally misinforming the
audience and basing yourself on the fallacy of
authority in fact Mr. extraco
copy leave his channel also for the
description because it has helped me make
this video confirms to me that what he says
in the video the policeman and the cabrera
about entering
private property could be real but well I'm not
going to get into that because it's not my
responsibility in this other moment of
leandro's video the video that you have spammed me so much it
turns out that he accuses
there or cabrera of lying in the
following statements we all
end up leaving the place and she is left
alone in the house on the 44th floor which
she also said that she is alone it was
said that she was on the balcony and you
were following her and you were an agent
in the mansion but never that she was left
alone and as well just a house without my
house but let's assume that it's true and
with you in the story it's a lie see at
what moment he already said it at what moment
she said it lohan started in haiti dowry
after 5 minutes we leave we no longer know
because it's too late you stay I
stay
being me  they have said seriously
seriously you analyze the videos sanz and you are a
lawyer you don't even analyze eat balls
that's clear I'm telling you fake but how
unprofessional this is not enough to
hire him a lawyer is supposed to
analyze all the cases well
to see what he can hold on to is that
changing details like this can
make a tremendous difference in the
case if her three friends left her alone
this changes the story to that those three
were not involved in the beating in
the hair salons that they gave the
girl when she was leaving the apartment
and if they didn't leave her alone then it was a
simple split or rather the story changes
completely as he took lightly
when making a video one of the
things that I said in the previous video
about this kid about the decision
is that he does not understand laws or that he has not
studied simply what I say
is that the laws can be interpreted
in the way that you are interested in
interpreting it so that he could
understand and I gave the example that in
a judicial process when there is a
criminal confrontation between two people
those two people each have their
lawyer obviously each one of these
two lawyers is going to use the  law for the
benefit of his client, each one is going to
use the law with the intention of
trying to save his client and win, well
let's see, as they have told him, he
uses the law according to his convenience or
rather the convenience of his
friends because addiction is a friend, I don't know
if it will be a good friend of the madman but it is a
friend of the rancid banana if the madman
eats his balls but with
deep throat one of the things that I have
always thrown at him faces the fact that
the madman whitens and he is surely right
in what he says that according to the law
the madman would be freed but
then also on his channel he has other
videos such as the
Higuey case, both the madman and Take
Game, he did a similar thing, they
were chatting with minors
of 14 and 15 years old, telling them dirty
sexual things and asking them for naked photos,
pornographic photos, knowing that they
were minors, that he knows that he is
14 years old and being aware of
that is a fundamental fact that you
have to take into account from
now on,
dt and gamer when we see him reacting
to the conversations that the minor brings to
light we see a very indignant leaf with
the subject is that [ __ ] his job is to
give me a hard on and my job is to get
you wet 14 years old to do the ass I would have
liked it to be promoting promoting
promoting
child pornography but however when
the conversations that the
madman has with his minor come out not only
justifies it but also
downplays the words of the madman and
gives more weight to her words
with hahaha or for the next time you get
confused are nuts with that table that you don't
want to see them and brain says no but my
heart says yes ha ha jens is a cigar
tremendous photo I wanted more nuts well take them
out do you want to see
voluntarily offers
and well send me nothing too illegal
imagine I go to jail just like on the
bus well come back it's [ __ ]
apparently these are [ __ ] even goes so far as to
blame the victim that's where
the subject of Martin came out he when he found out that I
was 15 years old put a stop but
also table in sexual conversations
with this youtuber or will it be  something common
in the girl let's continue reading how ugly no
go if that in the video here he and
I remember that you said the following to the
people who doubted here him and
when the producer of
his event tells him it is normal and if he says
there it was not that serious because there is
so much confusion and obviously always judging
whether the victim is I want to clarify that for
me the correct thing in these two cases would be
that they give it to both equally
regardless of whether in their countries there is
some type of legal vacuum due to the
issue of the year in which they did it for
the time that has passed for the age for
the difference they have in age with the
victim or with what would be defined as
abuse of power or influence I would not make
in either case a video
whitewashing either of the two and
much less
with one of them super proud to
be with him but you know why he did it
because the madman moves a lot and was
saying exactly what his fan wanted to
die at that moment, that is, when
the madman's bomb exploded no, well
all of us who are in front of us know
what the madman did, no matter how much we do not
condemn in your country everything you
want but what the madman did is
disgusting then the whole horde of fans
who have in mind what they were
wanting to hear from a
word with some authority in this
case a pseudo lawyer that the madman
was innocent in some way he was
innocent and this kid for what he has
done is give his followers what they
wanted to hear and something else
completely different who is going to
the soul the madman where they give 50
tickets you can buy at the door I'm going
so nothing if they go he goes say
hello and we hug each other also the movice
and cough while we see the crack to the number
a very similar thing he did to Dallas
such I don't know why the other day you
put yourself in the victory of being to
insult to give it to criticize it rather
saying that he had insulted you out of
nowhere I don't know why you don't tell your
followers the truth he admitted to him last year they
said he made some videos
deeply eating Dallas's balls
ignoring the presumption of innocence of
the opposing people for the dust of the
ball  and even accusing him of more things
still they percent at the time I had
a dispute with him but the thing is that they
have Christian made this video because it
was his opinion simply and plainly they have
told him he was saying again what
people wanted to hear why don't you
tell your followers they have told him
that you went on several occasions every time there is
a video on the subject to the mdm
given by instagram to eat the web
hits and tell him hey look you
made a video about yourself agreeing with you
and Dallas left you seen you spoke to him on
July 31st I don't answer you you speak to him on
February 12th to send him another video
that exists I also don't answer you you spoke to him again
in March I also don't
answer you and when he answered you
the fourth or fifth time it was to
send you to hell and to tell you
what you are and they do to you it is wrong and
you started crying on twitter and without
fear of being the not everyone
likes oral sex it is complicated but it is like
that and he had to try to go eat the
eggs just like the sexually insane
masco  and he is very attentive to the clear
difference of this hypocrite when it comes
to dealing with and drawing a conclusion
on each topic, okay, regarding the
topic of the ideal madman, follow me very
attentive and don't miss a detail
please and he is facilitating his decision
because he has a fairly limited margin of decision
regarding issues of
sexual maturity, issues of a sexual nature, you make it
easier for him, you give him the means, you
open the doors for him to do that, to promote it
is like admitting him, forcing him and
exposing him directly to that, facilitating
is like giving him assistance so that
with his decision, anyone
who works for the victim becomes corrupted, the penalty
will be 10 to 15
years in prison when there is deception, violence,
threat, abuse of authority or any
other means of intimidation or coercion,
as well as if the author were an
ascendant with his German tutor or
people living with him or in charge of his
education or guard the reality is that it was
said that he threatened her to
send him photos but now we hear what
he says, they have told him that it was his
first video about the madman,
they heard about the gamer, now elements and
under 21 cannot be subject to
this crime would be exempt from
corruption of minors promotes who
engenders in the minor the idea of
exercising corrupt practices
drives him to others that suppose a
greater degree of salvation or incites him that does not
fulfill his purpose of abandoning the
corrupt state achieved but I repeat
corruption of minors sends us a photo
if it is not for example is a minor
still of or yes, then taking a
minor they have to be exposed to the fact that
perhaps the parents have
sexual relations or a minor sees
certain aberrant activities for
their age, which is transsexuals and that
affects their humanity, that affects their
innocence if not the case is
not the case so we move on to the next one,
whoever promoted facilitating well have just realized
that what was mentioned
at the beginning is article 125 the same one
with which he was convicted of jmr they
realized that in one case and in the
other it seems that the penal code is
totally different, I only saw it that
article 125 for the
insane is one thing and for gamers it is
totally another  confirmed or rather with
faith in one of the cases and that it would be a
crime because it is almost forcing
but with the other with the case of the insane person there would
be no crime because in that fault
that 15 year old girl
is more mature than the rest of the girls
her age her sexual maturity is much more
advanced than before so if she decides to
pass him photos beyond the fact that it is because she
is influenced by an idol it
has to do with the fact that she plus her
sexual maturity is higher than perhaps
another 15 year old girl then it would not be a
crime we would have to look at the
particular case but there is no action against
Martin and it cannot be imposed on a
criminal action against Martin because it does not
typify in any of the articles of the
penal code if they can be persuaded
because the person is known and if there may be
a differentiation of an abuse
or a negative influence over the
idol in front of the fan but that would not
fit into a crime of the
penal code that is cutie or rather you have only
failed to say that the fan that the minor
was a [ __ ] because she has been looking for
all the youtubes the father with whom she
slept in fact I am going to say this
now well that it goes  to say you can
consider it the icing on the cake he says
that in the case of the insane man it could not be
corruption of minors because the girl
was not a virgin because the girl had already had a
relationship
and you cannot corrupt what is already
corrupt incredible but to hear it from his
mouth people who are really trained
in law the majority for that reason
majority doctrine states that something corrupt
cannot do it again something
broken cannot be broken again because it is already
broken the minor when she began to talk to the
insane man she sent the photos in the
first place without him requesting them
beyond the fact that he later requested them the
minor by showing at that precise moment her
actions her actions already show that she
was corrupt you know kids if you
have slept with a girl and after a while you
want to rape her you can do what is not
rape because because she is already
corrupt
and well hypocrisies like this in the case of
the insane man with another we can see on his
channel all the time as I mentioned at the
beginning of the video this kid who
seems [ __ ] absurd to demand
a way I do not think it is illegal because
the messages are supposed to be  They send
anonymously but they have their channel
a section where followers
send crimes they commit there are a lot
of gems among them this is composing now
for a long time he had an
irrational hatred for a girl after
bardear her and speaking ill of her
photos of her naked and I see them a lot of
people as a curious fact today we are almost
best friends she knows everything about me
except that I did that to her when this happened we
were both 17 years old hello lean I wanted to
send this message because I don't know if
a crime was committed I was with my
substitute teacher who had a family and
a son he was 22 quite young he had to
be a substitute because one of my
teachers got pregnant was going to give
birth I was 15 years old at that time the
first one sent things saying things and sometimes he
called me when everyone left to
tell me his life practically after
that we started dating yes I had
sexual relations with him but now I
regret it a lot since he had a family
and children and I was an idiot what I wanted to
know is if a crime was committed or not it does
n't feel entirely legal that they
send him and recognize him  that they commit a crime and
he uses it to make videos on
YouTube instead of presenting it to a
court or a police station but one of
the crimes that draws the most attention
that people confess to him is the following they
give him discounts for
a friend's birthday and they are a whatsapp group they
were friends of her and one sent a
video
of children's geography where you can see the
girl's face and he was showing it to someone
and he was showing someone Simon Oral
when I saw it it was horrible and I
immediately deleted it and insulted the boy in the group
I suppose that he was reportable for
possessing precisely because it is childish well
if you are right it is reportable because the
penal code in question does not clarify whether it has to
be an adult or a
minor who possesses
audiovisual content of that nature but as you
have been able to hear according to their law according to the
law possessing child pornography
regardless of whether it is distributed
or not that would be more aggravating or in other words it would be
another crime but the fact of
possessing child pornography would already be
reportable but nevertheless if we return
to the video of the insane of those who produce
or  they reproduce written books images
obscene objects the action of the bear
should be accompanied by the purpose of
disseminating or publicizing them whoever
intends to keep for himself what is manufactured or
reproduced does not commit this crime
nor does he who has the intention of
making it known to one or several
specific people, that is, who keeps for himself
what is obtained from
pornographic images of a minor if he
keeps it for himself it is not a crime what is narrated
by these people is not a crime it is not a
crime let's see if we get this straight
churras gentlemen, now I think the video is
getting too long what I have
done during the minutes that
this video has lasted I can do with
almost all of his channel it is a type of
content that is good or bad I am not saying
that the channel is [ __ ] yes I do
consider him a shitty person and
scum especially the fact that he
has attacked me personally having
applauded drop but I consider that what
he does is not to be taken
into account he has no credibility whatsoever
I as a professional would not hire him for
anything in fact if I were the
bar association of your country and I saw your
youtube channel  I didn't give him the title and I'm going to
emphasize it again in case it wasn't left
behind, he declared this kid is not a lawyer,
that in a month or a year he
can practice, I don't know right now he's been
saying what for a year
and he's not a lawyer and his kids and hair on his
balls he's a clown he's a brat and he takes
advantage of the fallacy of authority
to grow on YouTube he lives off the
controversies of others when later he
criticizes others for living off the
controversies of others those who live off the
controversies but I don't blame
anyone for living off controversy he's a
very careful hypocrite that his
word is not worth a [ __ ] cent because he goes around
saying and using and hiding
behind the law when he's only
manipulating the kids according to his
interest and to tell them what he wants to
die that's all they've told him
you're [ __ ]